1. How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
 	To ensure my code, program or software is functional and secure, I can follow the industry's best practices. Keeping my code clean and short helps eliminate useless code as well as make sure my code is readable for other programmers. Adding in-line comments will help others read and understand what each line is doing. Regular testing will also help ensure my code is functioning properly to help avoid issues in the later stages of software development. Testing helps identify and rectify bugs or unexpected behavior in different parts of the software. Having peers review my code is another method I could use to help identify potential issues, help me improve my code, and to ensure my code meets the requirement standards. By implementing these strategies, I can  enhance the reliability, resilience, and trustworthiness of my code, thereby providing users with a safer and more functional experience.

2. How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
 	The first step to interpreting users’ needs is by looking at the requirements of the user. Communicate with users about what they want and their expectations, as well as what they expect as an outcome. After getting an understanding of the user’s needs, we can use them as test cases during the coding phase. Test cases based on the users’ expectations will allow us to incorporate the requirements into our software. As I write the code I can use in-line comments to help me know what each function is expected to do. Documenting the process paired with user testing the software can help modify the program to make sure the user is getting what they need. Effective communication with users throughout the development process is key to ensuring that their needs are accurately interpreted and incorporated into the program.

3. How do I approach designing software?
	Creating a blueprint is the first step to designing software. Having the requirements laid out will be important for knowing the outcomes of what we want in the software. After thoroughly understanding what needs to happen I can then work towards making a physical outline. If the requirements mention a menu, I know I may need to incorporate a loop. When setting up the outline, using object-oriented programming will help ensure that the code meets up with the industry’s best standards. As I start writing sections of the code, I can use integrated testing to make sure my code meets up with industry standards and the requirements given for the project.
